AUM SHREEGANESHAAYA NAMAH||

http://snap.stanford.edu/data/soc-RedditHyperlinks.html
http://snap.stanford.edu/conflict/
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1803.03697.pdf
https://github.com/williamleif/social-lstm
http://snap.stanford.edu/data/web-RedditEmbeddings.html

In this research paper (published at The Web Conference, WWW 2018), we conduct a data driven
analysis of how conflicts/raids occur between communities in Reddit, their impact, mitigation, and prediction.

User-defined communities are an essential component of many web platforms, where users express their ideas,
opinions, and share information. However, despite their positive benefits, online communities also have the
potential to be breeding grounds for conflict and anti-social behavior.

Here we used 40 months of Reddit comments and posts (available at pushshift.io, many thanks to Jason Michael
Baumgartner!) to examine cases of intercommunity conflict ('wars' or 'raids'), where members of one Reddit
community, called "subreddit", collectively mobilize to participate in or attack another community.

We discovered these conflict events by searching for cases where one community posted a hyperlink to another
community, focusing on cases where these hyperlinks were associated with negative sentiment (e.g., "come look
at all the idiots in community X") and led to increased antisocial activity in the target community. We analyzed
a total of 137,113 cross-links between 36,000 communities.

Our analysis revealed a number of important trends related to conflict on Reddit, with general implications
for intercommunity conflict on the web. For example, we found that:
  - A small number of communities initiate most conflicts, with 1% of communities initiating 74% of
    all conflicts. The image above shows a 2-dimensional map of the various Reddit communities.
    The red nodes/communities in this map initiate a large amount of conflict.
  - Topically similar, but with opposing ideology, groups fight: We can see that these conflict intiating
    nodes are rare and clustered together in certain social regions. These communities attack other communities
    that are similar in topic but different in point of view.
  - Conflicts are initiated by active community members but are carried out by less active users. It is
    usually highly active users that post hyperlinks to target communities, but it is more peripheral
    users who actually follow these links and particpate in conflicts.
  - Conflicts are marked by the formation of "echo-chambers", where users in the discussion thread primarily
    interact with other members of their own community (i.e., "attackers" interact with "attackers" and
    "defenders" with "defenders").
  - Conflicts have long-term adverse effects on the engagement of members of the target community, but these
    adverse effects are mitigated when the "defending" community members engage in heated, direct debates
    with the "attackers".
  - Conflicts can be defended against when the attacked community directly engages with ('fights back')
    the attacking users.

Predicting conflicts: We developed a novel deep learning (LSTM-based) model to predict whether a link from one
community to another is going to lead to conflict. In our model, we learn vector representations, or embeddings,
of users and communities that are optimized to capture the social relationships between users and communities,
and we use these embeddings to give our LSTM model information about the social context in which it is making
predictions.

Our approach outperforms a number of strong baselines and could be used to create a 'raid' early-warning system
for moderators to inform them of a potential impending influx of toxic users.
